ETSWORK-3069 - Adds the Smart Notification Detail screen (#14)
Workgrid/workgrid-ui-components: README.md

  )
}
```

The `Large` screen will lack the Ionic components such as `IonPage`, `IonContent` and `IonHeader` that would otherwise be used in mobile screens.

```jsx
export const Large = () => {
  return (
    <>
      <CustomScreenHeaderHere />
      <CustomScreenContentHere />
    </>
  )
}
```

As shown above the implementation is shared between `Small` and `Large` screens the only differences being that in one case we have wrapping `Ion*` components and in the other we don't. The components themselves **should be designed so that they responsively support the needs of both large and small screens**.

#### Testing

Cypress component testing shall be done for both `Small` and `Large` screens. An example pattern for re-use in a test suite could be as follows:

```jsx
describe('CustomScreen', () => {
  const screenTests = () => {
    it('Use case to test', () => {
      // Test here
    })
  }

  describe('Small Screen Tests', () => {
    beforeEach(() => {
      mountIonApp(<CustomScreen.Small />)
    })

    screenTests()
  })

  describe('Large Screen Tests', () => {
    beforeEach(() => {
      mountIonApp(<CustomScreen.Large />)
    })

    screenTests()
  })
})
```

> Storybook Stories for both the `Small` and `Large` screens shall be created in the same `.stories.tsx` file for the screen. For each story that is created you must create one for both the `Small` and `Large` screens. An example pattern for re-use in a story could be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storybook Stories for both the `Small` and `Large` screens shall be created in the same `.stories.tsx` file for the screen. For each story that is created, you must create one for both the `Small` and `Large` screens. An example pattern for re-use in a story is shown below:
```
